README.rst, before:

Extended API
==========================

This is a plugin for `pretix`_.

Short description

Development setup
-----------------

1. Make sure that you have a working `pretix development setup`_.

2. Clone this repository.

3. Activate the virtual environment you use for pretix development.

4. Execute ``poetry install`` within this directory to register this application with pretix's plugin registry.

5. Execute ``make`` within this directory to compile translations.

6. Restart your local pretix server. You can now use the plugin from this repository for your events by enabling it in
   the 'plugins' tab in the settings.

This plugin has CI set up to enforce a few code style rules. To check locally, you need these packages installed::

    pip install flake8 isort black docformatter

To check your plugin for rule violations, run::

    docformatter --check -r .
    black --check .
    isort -c .
    flake8 .

You can auto-fix some of these issues by running::

    docformatter -r .
    isort .
    black .

You can also fix them on your PR by commenting /fix


License
-------

Copyright 2022 Python Italia



.. _pretix: https://github.com/pretix/pretix
.. _pretix development setup: https://docs.pretix.eu/en/latest/development/setup.html

Commit message:

Add short description in the readme

README.rst, after:

Extended API
==========================

This is a plugin for `pretix`_.

Extend the REST API to expose more information needed by the PyCon Italia repository.

Development setup
-----------------

1. Make sure that you have a working `pretix development setup`_.

2. Clone this repository.

3. Activate the virtual environment you use for pretix development.

4. Execute ``poetry install`` within this directory to register this application with pretix's plugin registry.

5. Execute ``make`` within this directory to compile translations.

6. Restart your local pretix server. You can now use the plugin from this repository for your events by enabling it in
   the 'plugins' tab in the settings.

This plugin has CI set up to enforce a few code style rules. To check locally, you need these packages installed::

    pip install flake8 isort black docformatter

To check your plugin for rule violations, run::

    docformatter --check -r .
    black --check .
    isort -c .
    flake8 .

You can auto-fix some of these issues by running::

    docformatter -r .
    isort .
    black .

You can also fix them on your PR by commenting /fix


License
-------

Copyright 2022 Python Italia



.. _pretix: https://github.com/pretix/pretix
.. _pretix development setup: https://docs.pretix.eu/en/latest/development/setup.html
